			Last revised 9-Jan-19

			  Questionnaire for

		 Harvard Extension School CSCI E-93:
			Computer Architecture

			     Spring 2019


Name: Brett Bloethner
Home/Cellular phone number: (303) 726-1559
E-mail: brett@bl8nr.com
Work phone number: N/A


Where are you located?  What is your time zone?
I'm located in Denver, Colorado and my time zone is mountain time.


So that we can meet on-line, if necessary, what is your Skype name
and/or your Google Hangouts name?  And, which do you prefer to use?
My google hangouts name is brett@bl8nr.com and I prefer to use google hangouts.


Occupation (If an undergraduate student, please specify your major and
year and at which school; If a graduate student, please specify your
department, field, and year and at which school).
I'm a software engineer and I'm taking graduate classes although I'm not a matriculated grad student yet.
My aim is to earn a masters in software engineering as well as a graduate certificate in web technologies.


Have you taken:
  CSCI E-10a (Formerly CSCI E-50a) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java I),
  CSCI E-10b (Formerly CSCI E-50b) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java II),
  CSCI E-28 (Formerly CSCI E-215) (Unix/Linux Systems Programming),
  CSCI E-50 (Formerly CSCI E-52) (Intensive Introduction to Computer
      Science),
  ENSC E-123 or CSCI E-123 (Laboratory Electronics: Digital Circuit
      Design),
  PHYS E-123a (Laboratory Electronics: Analog Circuit Design),
  CSCI E-124 (Data Structures and Algorithms),
  or equivalents
(specify which)?

I have taken none of these.


Have you taken CSCI E-22 (Formerly CSCI E-119) (Data Structures)?

	If not, how do you meet the prerequisite?

	I haven't taken CSCI E-22 but I have been doing software engineering professionally for the past few years.


Are you currently working toward a degree in a degree program?  If so,
which program and what degree?

I'm not a matriculated graduate student but I hope to become one after taking this course and the CRWS test later this year.
Otherwise im working towards a graduate certificate in web technologies.


Are you taking any other classes concurrently with this one?
I am not.


Do you have experience implementing many different data structures
from scratch?  If yes, please describe.  If not, how do you meet the
prerequisite?
Not from scratch but I have experience using all the data structures available in Javascript as well as using hashmaps
and maps.


Do you have experience using Unix?  Do you have experience programming
using Unix system calls?  If yes, please describe.
I have experience using unix but not programming using unix system calls yet.

Do you have experience using Windows?  If so, as a user or as a
programmer?
I have experience using windows and programming on windows but mainly creating web apps using windows machines.


Do you have experience designing digital logic circuits?  If yes,
please describe.
I have a little bit of experience from undergrad in creating digital logic circuits with gates.


Are you already registered for this class?  -- If not, do you intend
to register?  Also, are you registered as a distance student?  Do you
intend to attend classes in person?
Yes and I am a distance student attending remotely.


This class has a proctored midterm exam.  Distance students are
required to make arrangements for a proctor.  See
https://www.extension.harvard.edu/resources-policies/exams-grades-transcripts/exams-online-courses
for information about proctors.  If you live within the six-state New
England area (Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode
Island, and Vermont) you must come to campus to take your exam.  Are
you taking the midterm exam on campus?  If not, have you already made
arrangements for a proctor?
I have not made arrangements yet but I will soon.


Do you plan to purchase your own Altera/Terasic DE2-115 Development
Board?
I've already purchased one!


If you are planning to purchase your own Altera/Terasic DE2-115
Development Board, have you already ordered and/or received it?  If
you are a distance student (i.e., if you are unable to borrow the
hardware and return the hardware in person), you must purchase your
own hardware.
I've purchased and received it.


Are you taking the course for undergraduate credit, graduate credit,
or noncredit?
Graduate credit.


What additional appropriate course or work experience do you have?
A few comp sci classes in undergrad, a Java/Spring course last semester, a couple of years experience
in professional software engineering and an intense motivation to learn and succeed in this course!

What is your math background?
Up to calc.


What computer languages do you know (please include assembler and
high-level languages)?  Have you programmed in the C Programming
Language, C++, or Java?
Java, Javascript, TypeScript and a little bit of C++


What operating systems have you used (e.g. Windows, Mac OS, Linux,
iOS, Android, etc.)?
Mac OS, Linux, Window, iOS


What computers have you used (i.e., which machine language instruction
sets)?
Pretty much just x86 based machines.


What is your motivation for taking this course?
To learn more and work my way toward becoming a masters student.


If the class needs to be rescheduled, is Thursday evening acceptable?
Sure

Other comments:
None here!